# 2019HapinessDataVisualization
Description  The world Happiness Report is a landmark survey that ranks 156 countries in the world according to the happiness of their respective citizens. The first report was published in 2012 and has since been followed by a report every year. The first report in 2012 presented the available global data on national happiness and reviewed related evidence from emerging science of happiness, showing that the quality of people’s lives can be coherently, reliably and validly assessed by a variety of subjective well-being measures, collectively referred to then and in subsequent reports as “happiness”. Subsequent reports have since included updated evaluations and a range of commissioned chapters on special topics digging deeper into the science of well-being.     Context  The 2019 World Happiness report was the 7th report. It was released on March 20, 2019 and it focused on happiness and community. It was meant to find out how happiness has evolved over the past dozen years with a focus on technologies, social norms, conflicts and government policies that have driven those changes in the 156 countries where the survey was conducted. Owing to the fact that the world is a rapidly changing place, the way people communicate and interact with each other whether in schools or workplaces, their neighborhoods or far places is among the fastest changing aspects. After presenting the 2019 Happiness country ranking, more broadly main forces that influence happiness by changing the ways in which communities interact were considered. Among these was the links between government and happiness, the power of prosocial behavior and the changes in information technology. 
